[Music]
[Music] moreover david and the captains of the
moreover david and the captains of the
moreover david and the captains of the army separated for the service some of
army separated for the service some of
army separated for the service some of the sons of SF of Heymann and of juju
the sons of SF of Heymann and of juju
the sons of SF of Heymann and of juju 'then who should prophesy with harps
'then who should prophesy with harps
'then who should prophesy with harps stringed instruments and cymbals and the
stringed instruments and cymbals and the
stringed instruments and cymbals and the number of the skilled men performing
number of the skilled men performing
number of the skilled men performing their service was of the sons of Asaph
their service was of the sons of Asaph
their service was of the sons of Asaph sacker
sacker
sacker joseph nathan i and ash Arriba
joseph nathan i and ash Arriba
joseph nathan i and ash Arriba the sons of SF were under the direction
the sons of SF were under the direction
the sons of SF were under the direction of a serf who prophesied according to
of a serf who prophesied according to
of a serf who prophesied according to the order of the king of judah 'then the
the order of the king of judah 'then the
the order of the king of judah 'then the sons of jeju Fionn Gedaliah
sons of jeju Fionn Gedaliah
sons of jeju Fionn Gedaliah zi josiah shimmy I hash abaya and
zi josiah shimmy I hash abaya and
zi josiah shimmy I hash abaya and matter--the ayah 6 under the direction
matter--the ayah 6 under the direction
matter--the ayah 6 under the direction of their father jeju 'then who
of their father jeju 'then who
of their father jeju 'then who prophesied with a harp to give thanks
prophesied with a harp to give thanks
prophesied with a harp to give thanks and to praise the lord of Heymann the
and to praise the lord of Heymann the
and to praise the lord of Heymann the sons of human baqia mattaniah Osseo cheb
sons of human baqia mattaniah Osseo cheb
sons of human baqia mattaniah Osseo cheb you'll Jerry Mothe Hananiah and Nina
you'll Jerry Mothe Hananiah and Nina
you'll Jerry Mothe Hananiah and Nina Eliza Goodell tie Roman tight either
Eliza Goodell tie Roman tight either
Eliza Goodell tie Roman tight either Josh vacation mollified otha and maja
Josh vacation mollified otha and maja
Josh vacation mollified otha and maja cieth all these were the sons of Haman
cieth all these were the sons of Haman
cieth all these were the sons of Haman the Kings seer in the words of God to
the Kings seer in the words of God to
the Kings seer in the words of God to exalt his horn
exalt his horn
exalt his horn for God gave Heymann 14 sons and three
for God gave Heymann 14 sons and three
for God gave Heymann 14 sons and three daughters all these were under the
daughters all these were under the
daughters all these were under the direction of their father for the music
direction of their father for the music
direction of their father for the music in the house of the Lord with cymbals
in the house of the Lord with cymbals
in the house of the Lord with cymbals stringed instruments and harps
stringed instruments and harps
stringed instruments and harps for the service of the house of God
for the service of the house of God
for the service of the house of God Asaph did you theme and Heymann were
Asaph did you theme and Heymann were
Asaph did you theme and Heymann were under the authority of the king so the
under the authority of the king so the
under the authority of the king so the number of them with their brethren who
number of them with their brethren who
number of them with their brethren who were instructed in the songs of the Lord
were instructed in the songs of the Lord
were instructed in the songs of the Lord all who was skillful was 288 and they
all who was skillful was 288 and they
all who was skillful was 288 and they cast lots for their duty the small as
cast lots for their duty the small as
cast lots for their duty the small as well as the great the teacher with the
well as the great the teacher with the
well as the great the teacher with the student
student
student now the first lot for ACF came out for
now the first lot for ACF came out for
now the first lot for ACF came out for joseph ii forget a liar him with his
joseph ii forget a liar him with his
joseph ii forget a liar him with his brethren and sons 12 the third for zakah
brethren and sons 12 the third for zakah
brethren and sons 12 the third for zakah his sons and his brethren 12 the fourth
his sons and his brethren 12 the fourth
his sons and his brethren 12 the fourth Forge is RIE his sons and his brethren
Forge is RIE his sons and his brethren
Forge is RIE his sons and his brethren 12 v for nether nyah
12 v for nether nyah
12 v for nether nyah his sons and his brethren 12th the six
his sons and his brethren 12th the six
his sons and his brethren 12th the six for back ayah his sons and his brethren
for back ayah his sons and his brethren
for back ayah his sons and his brethren 12 the seventh for josh areolar his sons
12 the seventh for josh areolar his sons
12 the seventh for josh areolar his sons and his brethren 12 the eighth for
and his brethren 12 the eighth for
and his brethren 12 the eighth for Josiah his sons and his brethren 12 the
Josiah his sons and his brethren 12 the
Josiah his sons and his brethren 12 the ninth for mattaniah his sons and his
ninth for mattaniah his sons and his
ninth for mattaniah his sons and his brethren 12 the 10th for shimmy I his
brethren 12 the 10th for shimmy I his
brethren 12 the 10th for shimmy I his sons and his brethren 12 the eleventh
sons and his brethren 12 the eleventh
sons and his brethren 12 the eleventh for Azurill his sons and his brethren 12
for Azurill his sons and his brethren 12
for Azurill his sons and his brethren 12 the twelfth focaccia buyer his sons and
the twelfth focaccia buyer his sons and
the twelfth focaccia buyer his sons and his brethren twelve the thirteen for
his brethren twelve the thirteen for
his brethren twelve the thirteen for shoe being his sons and his brethren
shoe being his sons and his brethren
shoe being his sons and his brethren twelve the fourteenth Fermata fire his
twelve the fourteenth Fermata fire his
twelve the fourteenth Fermata fire his sons and his brethren twelve the
sons and his brethren twelve the
sons and his brethren twelve the fifteenth for jira math his sons and his
fifteenth for jira math his sons and his
fifteenth for jira math his sons and his brethren twelve the 16th for Hananiah
brethren twelve the 16th for Hananiah
brethren twelve the 16th for Hananiah his sons and his brethren twelve the
his sons and his brethren twelve the
his sons and his brethren twelve the seventeen for Josh vacation his sons and
seventeen for Josh vacation his sons and
seventeen for Josh vacation his sons and his brethren twelve the 18th for her
his brethren twelve the 18th for her
his brethren twelve the 18th for her Nene his sons and his brethren twelve
Nene his sons and his brethren twelve
Nene his sons and his brethren twelve the 19th for Malachi his sons and his
the 19th for Malachi his sons and his
the 19th for Malachi his sons and his brethren twelve the 20th for Elijah his
brethren twelve the 20th for Elijah his
brethren twelve the 20th for Elijah his sons and his brethren twelve for 21st
sons and his brethren twelve for 21st
sons and his brethren twelve for 21st for hatha his sons and his brethren
for hatha his sons and his brethren
for hatha his sons and his brethren twelve the 22nd for goodell tie his sons
twelve the 22nd for goodell tie his sons
twelve the 22nd for goodell tie his sons and his brethren twelve the 23rd for
and his brethren twelve the 23rd for
and his brethren twelve the 23rd for Mojave Earth his sons and his brethren
Mojave Earth his sons and his brethren
Mojave Earth his sons and his brethren twelve the 24th for romantic
twelve the 24th for romantic
twelve the 24th for romantic Iza his sons and his brethren twelve